The Project has 3 sides- 1) The Client Side 2) The Server Side 3) The Admin Side  
	There is another big part. The Database. It was done on my pc. So the host was obviously "localhost" and the database name is "test". There is a main table named 'foodiesDhaka'. foodiesDhaka.sql is provided in the "Database" folder here. This table contains the name, the address, the area, food types, rating, reviews, etc. Each Restaurant a table with its name as the table name which contains the emails that reviewed the restaurant and their ratings on service, price, and environment and comments if they made. I have given several .sql files in the "Database folder".

## 1. The Client Side:
The client is a normal viewer of the App. So, all the designs and decorations with fx were done on the client-side. In the beginning, there is a logo page. if you click anywhere on the page the main page arrives. The main page contains the main part. In the searchbox, you can type a name and if it is enlisted in the database the corresponding restaurant will come. You can also search by area and search by food. The list of areas and list of foods in JavaFX comboboxes were generated from the Resultset of SQL query in 'foodiesDhaka' Table.  	The restaurant name with address will appear in the listview. I used Stackpane as a listview element and depicted the restaurant name and addresses as labels and all these were done with FX. When a restaurant is clicked in the listview, a page with it's all the necessary information arrives. It contains the name of the restaurant, address, what type of foods are available here, and how many reviews have been made on this restaurant, it's overall rating, its price rating, service rating, and environment rating.  
	The "reviews" label is created as a link. If it is clicked, the list of reviews will appear as a new page. Hence again satckPane is used as listview element and the gmails, their ratings on service, price and environment, and comments.  
	There is a button named show in google maps and clicking it will open the google map preview. It was done using a google-map jar file. But unfortunately, this jar file may cause an error in java native code and crash the program at the beginning. If the program crashes, it is suggested to comment out all the necessary codes that contain the codes regarding google maps. These parts are marked in the code. 
	It was not possible to collect the longitudes and latitudes of all the restaurants. So, the map of Dhaka city was shown in the mapView. It is a live mapView with zoom Ability.  
	There is a button named "Rate us" which will open a new page seeking a review about that restaurant. It will seek your opinion in 3 different categories- Price, Service, and Environment. You may add comments if you want. Your email id is required for two reasons. You can't give an invalid id. javax.mail.jar is used to check whether the email address is valid or not. Even if the email address is valid it won't take your review if you have already rated that restaurant. It's done in such a way so that one can't intentionally give a rating to a restaurant and several times and affect drastically its review. When your review is done, You'll press the submit button and the reviews will be sent to the server. The server will then generate a rating for that restaurant. The rating generation access isn't given to the client-side.  
	There is another big thing on the main page. The Recommendation side. If a client notices that his/her any known restaurant is not listed, he may recommend it to the admin to add this restaurant. He must fill up the form:- Restuarant name, address, area, and foods available there and then submit.

## 2. The Server Side:
The server has only one interface with a Label "Server Running". It works on the backside. It receives a rating from the clients and updates the restaurant ratings in the database. It only adds the email id, reviews on three categories, and the comments in the table named as the corresponding restaurant name on which the rating is given.  
	It also maintains the communication between the client and admin. It stores the Client's recommendations and sends them to the admin when the admin connects.

## 3. The Admin Side:
The admin page starts with a password Login. If the name and password are valid, the admin logs in, and on the main page, He receives the Client recommendations. He can simply add those recommendations by clicking the "Add" button in the tableview. it will add the corresponding restaurant in tableview. The admin can also manually add an item by clicking the "Add New Restuarant" button. Then the addItem page opens up. Fill up the form and press the "Add" button simply adds the restaurant to the database. ( Just as easy as Insert in phpMyAdmin). It also creates a table with the restaurant's name with columns name persons(Varchar), priceRating, serviceRating and envirRating(Floats), and comments(Varchar). The admin can also delete any restaurant more easily than this. By Clicking The Delete Restuarant, the deleteItem page Shows up and a tableview is shown where all the restaurants are listed and by clicking the corresponding "Delete" button, the admin can delete the corresponding restaurant.  
	After the admin's operation, when a client opens the client page, he/she can notice the changes.
